Wip/add comment string when clauses (#1030)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

Changes to Calva.

## [Unreleased]

> - Fix: [Allow user to override keybindings in comments and/or strings](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/1023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [Allow keybindings to target when the cursor is inside a comment or a string](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/1023)
```
